Update chopin tutorial (#54)
apiobuild/apiobuild.github.io: content/blog/troubleshoot-chopin-store.md

---
title: "Something Went Wrong? Troubleshooting Your Chopin Store"
image: /images/blog/faqs.png
date: 2020-09-25
tags: ["chopin", "waitress", "telescope", "tutorial", "ecommerce", "google-sheet", "google", "website", "documentation"]
---

> We try our best to design a fool-proof onboarding process, but sometimes it just happened. If you see error messages or Patrick Star crying (hopefully really rare), let us troubleshoot together! This is a growing list of commonly asked questions regarding apio\'s static online store generator [Chopin](https://telescope.apiobuild.com/app/chopin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We try our best to design a fool-proof onboarding process, but things happens, if you see error messages or Patrick Star crying (hopefully really rare), let us troubleshoot together! This is a growing list of commonly asked questions regarding apio\'s static online store generator [Chopin](https://telescope.apiobuild.com/app/chopin).
```

Contact us (aka your favorite developer) via <a href="mailto:apiobuild@gmail.com">email</a> or [Facebook Messenger](https://m.me/apiobuild) if you don't find answers here! Bug reports and feebacks are welcomed too!

<img src="/images/blog/chopin-error.png" class="post-img">

🛍️ [Doesn\'t have a Chopin store yet? Create one today!](https://apiobuild.com/blog/how-to-create-web-store-with-apio/)

🛍️ [Read more: how to configure your Chopin store?](https://apiobuild.com/blog/how-to-configure-chopin-store/)

## Checklist

> We suggest you check the followings first to detect and fix the technical issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We suggest you check the followings first to find and fix any technical issue.
```

<img src="/images/blog/faq-image-link.png" class="post-img">

### Why the images are not shown properly?

🙋 Make sure you copy the image url - the internet address that points directly to a specific image, rather than an entire index, webpage, or website. You can put the url in address bar to test it out. If you can see the image and only the image, then that's a working url.

🙋 If you're using images off Facebook, Instagram, or other websites that are not managed by yourself. Try moving your images to a hosting service.

### How to find image url from my website and Facebook pages?

🙋 Right-click the image > Select `Copy Image Address`. However, we recommend using an image hosting service to ensure the image urls will always be valid.

### How can I get notification when someone places a new order?

🙋 You can set up google sheet notification to get real-time updates on new order submission. At the top of your Order google sheet, click `Tools` and then `Notification Rules`. Select "when" you want to receive notifications. [Read more](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/91588?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en)

### How can I shrink my store URL?

> 🙋 Try URL shortener services, like [Bitly](https://bitly.com/)  or [tinyurl](https://tinyurl.com/) to make your store link easier to share. Contact us if you want to reroute your Chopin to your domain, if you already have one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🙋 Try URL shortener services, like [Bitly](https://bitly.com/)  to make your store link easier to share. Contact us if you want to reroute your Chopin to your domain, if you already have one.
```
